So we'd drag it into the middle of her bridge party
or her D.A.R. ladies luncheon or whatever and
she'd just go berserk. And then he decided that he
was going, he thought armadillos were really
strange creatures. And he was of the mind that, you
know, everything could be eaten, squirrels,
rabbits, so we needed to eat an armadillo. And so, I
don't know where we were. I may have been at
tutoring or I don't know. But we came home one day
and he was the only one who was home. And the picnic
table was covered with blood. And he had caught an
armadillo and killed it and then de-shelled it and
put it, taken it into the kitchen and put it into big
old roasting pan and put all this garbage on it and
stuck it in the oven for our dinner that night he was
gonna try an armadillo yeah he was he was gonna try
an armadillo overall that's what they used to call
him right and then he was very brave i learned to
drive with him and this was when he was late 70s And
I'd run into ditches, and he just wouldn't say a
whole lot. He was a neat guy. So you were very
fortunate from a standpoint, because you grew up
with kind of an extended family around you then,
didn't you? Yeah. I think that's what a lot of
people miss today. Yes, I think so, too. And I think
they miss a lot of values as a result of a lot of that.
I do, too. I grew up the same way, with an extended
family There's 14 in my mother's family, and they
were together constantly, all the time. Almost
every Sunday there was a group of them together.
And then on my dad's side, it was the same way. There
was a group of them that were together. So we're one
of the two places where both sides were there at the
house all the time. It was a lot of fun going. And now
no one has time for anybody. That's the problem.
Yeah, that's right. I mean it was a big deal then to
make ice cream on Saturday night. I mean they'd
come far and wide to eat ice cream and shoot the bull
and play dominoes. Right.